---
layout: post
title:  "European Fall Open: Swiss"
categories: fall eu open swiss
---
# roster notes
- solary is now the old guard of fairy/kaydop/chausette. vitality grabbed saizen to add to radosin and alpha, but **didn't make the main event**
- joreuz/oaly/archie create "team inconsistency" under the oxygen flag (oxygen goes _back_ to eu)
- vatira was the one who really set everything off, swapping places with aztral between kc and moist, and then kc add exotiik to replace noly (going all french)
- soniqs become a eu org this year, picking up metsa/mikeboy/tho?
- g1 grab the spaniards atomik/marc_by_8/dorito
- williams resolve make a new team, i can't even figure out who they have, but they'll probably be fun at some point
- some other teams seem to be showing up, tundra (kassio), quadrant (brits), a new guild, deevo on endpoint, aogiri (oscillon still plays?) idk what is happening out here
# r1 karmine-solary
solary are getting absolutely stomped by this new kc roster. kc's faster/cleaner/better in basically every aspect so far, tons of space for them to operate
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=FuriousUninterestedPicklesDerp-7EgLiin4Li7q4U9p&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>
and then games two and three happen and solary turtles up. they double commit through half the game, but only give up one goal over two games and take the lead over kc
kc score at 0 seconds in game five to force OT, and solary's absolutely chaotic defense gives way in g5 OT
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=NimbleUninterestedSandstormTooSpicy-lKVx-1jolrEHYQrC&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>
okay europe is wild every match but one went to game five, multiple game five overtimes, no team is good no team is bad, just looking at the r2 matchups i'm not sure i could pick out which side would be 1-0 vs 0-1
# bds-g1
the marc_by_8 revenge game is so close, but bds hold on in the end
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=FrailSillyTitanGOWSkull-OgVjnc9yPa0Sni8q&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>
# karmine-bds
bds are better than kc. kc might take a bit to be able to play at this level with consistency
the other winners finals are aogiri-moist, which implies some confusing results i may have missed
okay maybe kc has something going here
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=GleamingTransparentRavenSquadGoals-leiP0SerObmG-VkH&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>
bds pulls it off in the end, just making it a lot more complicated than necessary. they and moist will be top seeds for the weekend
# solary-quadrant
solary's gonna be on stream a lot. quadrant is kash/eekso, which is one of those "should be better than their results" teams. solary took a 2-0 lead in the series, it was very boring, then it remained boring and flipped with quadrant pulling the reverse sweep. chausette had a double tap late where he had the angle and just didn't get the angle right. at least liquid-eg is exciting, two teams surprised to face elimination so early and they're battling til the end
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=BrainyGrossOctopusWow-iKTqPYhBXfCrcOWp&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>
liquid eventually pull off the reverse sweep, and a team that expected great things lives another day
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=HomelyFairLatteThunBeast-NlGdGUWBC2Gu7iQV&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>
# liquid-monkeys
monkeys are still the longstanding duo of arju & mittaen, this time plus smokez. they come in as severe underdogs

arju makes some of my absolute favorite plays — look at that control on the first touch, that's a difficult ball to read 
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=IcyPlacidLadiesDogFace-pYHQK4U5n_FkSjB6&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>
smokez will end the series, and the day, with a gorgeous own goal to the top corner
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=IgnorantSmoothMetalOptimizePrime-KkAzw4BCBrDyqR8q&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>
