---
layout: post
title:  "North American Winter Open: Group"
tags: Group
---
# Roster/Quals News
not so much compared to EU
- same biggest move though, just with a very different set of effects. rise was originally going to V1, who were gonna drop comm, who was gonna replace majicbear on optic, who was gonna go to dignitas and so on and so forth, so the biggest test for teams is not `how will this new player fit in` but instead `how will these players react who _didn't_ get dropped`
- the biggest move that actually did happen was lostt moving from the club to furia, replacing caio the great. furia _have_ to make the major this split, it would be unfathomable for them to bring in another top 15 player in the world and miss it (unless lostt hasn't actually reached that level, but it sure seems like he has)
- dignitas is now dreaz/evoh/andy
- nrg with the coach change: sizz out and is now casting NRG, dazerin moves to casting gen.g
- rogue got bought by KOI and rebranded, similar with XSET -> M80 and they picked up percy


# Group: Optic - NRG

these teams were neck and neck all fall, will either find a way to differentiate themselves? garrettg had yet another break where he swears they're about to get faster and cleaner and more aggressive, but it's been a year since they last had the juice so i think the tides have turned on their perception as well

optic look horrendous, justin looks pretty good tho
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ImpartialIncredulousDiamondTakeNRG-Qe1uFUkyvbG-XqXm&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

this might be optic's first team play of the whole series
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=SuperNaivePuffinGrammarKing-H1S9g9C5-bXO7-NG&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

nrg take it 3-1. majicbear did not have the shooting touch, but neither team jumped off the screen for me there

# Group: Shopify Rebellion - Faze Clan

faze are 25-3 on day 1s and haven't lost to a team below complexity. this would be the biggest upset, maybe of the whole split

2piece is good enough to play in this series, less sure about memory and paarth

optic beat ssg, so that group is a mess now (nrg could win the group?)

# Group: Version1 - G2

another even match, in theory. beastmode apparently has been popping off in the first two rounds, but atomic is pretty good too
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ResoluteAmazingPidgeonTF2John-IeHyjaepgog3Ms2A&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

g2 are making v1 look like plats, this is a massacre

that's a massive prejump
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=SaltyDignifiedMomOneHand-JXjZ_VVFojJTRoex&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

nrg get to the edge of winning their group, but get _slaughtered_ by ssg in a sweep

optic go out, losing to m80 in the final match. axle/koi/rebellion also go out, none of them too surprising. it really feels like once you leave the top 8-9, anyone can go at any time, there's just such little potential from those teams. the third place teams were dig/knights/akrew/m80, i'll be surprised if any of those teams force a game 5 much less win a series 

furia beat faze, complexity beat gen.g, and it's a sam party in na this week

# R1: NRG - Pittsburgh Knights

okay, if _one_ series is gonna go to five it's probably this one. the desk actually picks knights for the win 2-1 :shrug:

nrg takes it going away
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=LitigiousImportantGazellePanicVis-pZXi7bwFTfJHih_U&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

on the other hand: akrew are the worst performer of the underdogs, blowing a two goal lead in game four that would have sent it to champions field. dignitas _sweep_ v1, and m80 get a comfortable victory over faze that seems dramatic because alphakep watches RL in a _very_ different way than i'm used to
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=BetterTacitTeaDansGame-endxwQdY25GMhaf9&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

at the end of the day the story is more about the disappointments than anything else. optic going out in last place, v1 and faze in 9th-12th, even gen.g getting a real spook in their matchup vs akrew. since top 8 from this event auto-qualify to the invitational and none of those three are in, there might be a real flattening of the 4th-10th places in points coming up.

the story i anticipate for the weekend is going to be a _very_ tilted bracket - one of dignitas/ssg/complexity/m80 will be in the grand final, and none of them were rated top 4 coming into this event. furia/gen.g is a quarter that will feel like a final