---
layout: post
title:  "European Winter Open: Group"
tags: Group
---
# Roster/Quals News
oh boy we've got a doozy
- spaceman is back with rlcs, say hi to spaceman!
- format is group stage moving into 12 team bracket with top 4 from group earning byes
- winter major is gonna be in san diego
- rise was the major transfer domino this split. he was _nearly_ making a cross-region move to V1, but at the last second he moved to oxygen instead, which resulted in oaly being dropped (and maybe not finding a team?)
- moist replaced rise with juicy, a 1s main who played great for france at the 1s world cup. they also added Ludwig as a co-owner, apparently he's a smash guy?
- speaking of 1s: this was a huge break for feer and johnnyboi hosting massive 1s tournaments. the major takeaway: saudi arabia is frickin _stacked_. trk and rw9 (pronounced ruh-wass) are probably the two best players in the world, and KSA has a shout for at least half of the top 10 1s players in the world. they also all play on EU servers at like 80-90 ping against players working with 10-20. `dark(?)` is hitting pogos, rw9 is playing the best defense in the world, okhalid is still making semifinals, nwpo is the fastest player in the world, trk has basically never finished outside a grand finals, and so on and so on. it seems like we're destined for a 1s lan at some point soon, and it's gonna be siiiiick
- there were so few transfers outside of the rise drama, really just a bunch of rotation around the borderline tournament teams that we can get into when we see those teams
- evil geniuses dropped their rl team like yesterday (who will return to being german amigos). seems like they're dropping a lot of esports teams, might be some financial pressures hitting esports rn
- misfits (arju/mittaen/smokes) are now soniqs
- vertigo are on their total debut, good luck to them

# Group: Tundra - Quadrant
quadrant looked pretty rough at the major, tundra didn't even make it, but both teams come back the same anyway. unclear if there's a favorite here

ooh nifty: they're naming the observers in gameplay now. shouts to the observer `@ThatGuyCrasher`

quadrant wins. no highlights. both teams trying too hard to make passing plays happen, but it's a scrap through and through and we're done

# Group: BDS - Oxygen

bds come off a weird loss to german amigos. they look back for games one and two, but oxygen show off in game three
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=AdorableQuaintBubbleteaPartyTime-e3pmSWZYbTOplXP9&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ShakingVainCaterpillarLeeroyJenkins-hqVL2zvNg6RM9Gwj&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

sick pass from archie as oxygen start threatening the reverse sweep
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=TenuousEasyBibimbapYouDontSay-7ZGQ-o7pBoOxDWij&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

the bump opens the lane for the nice ceiling reset, and bds are back in
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=LuckyStrangeGrassGrammarKing-2BbJhcXBmpBiDivc&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

lololol, bds fends off the reverse sweep
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=VibrantEntertainingBeanCoolStoryBob-mMrZkDAobG7hr9wf&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

in the other reverse sweep scenarios: solary completes the comeback over moist, but tundra can't finish the job on liquid

# Group: Moist - G1

juicy's debut, g1 spent all fall on the edge of the major group. g1 are favored since moist are coming off being reverse swept, but they still haven't really punched their way to the top yet

what a weird little pass
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=EntertainingEagerCockroachOMGScoots-X6cRE5RjaB8ZiOUl&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

sick passing again
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=TameFrozenOpossumTheThing-qTt-zLviZwx5-pyU&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

g1 take it, they'll be top seed in their group and guarantee top 8. vitality beat kcorp to join liquid and oxygen as top seeds, earning byes to the quarterfinals

# Bracket Round 1: Moist - BDS

round of 12? round to get into the quarterfinals? no idea what to call this one. either way, bds will feel like they really need this one, moist at least have a lot of points banked from fall

bang
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=RudeFlirtyClintBudBlast-i_egrpl0kNXdefoi&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

bds will need to go into the closed qualifier to make regional two
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=LachrymoseAdorableCurryMcaT-uxsLbRCSUtba3zLV&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>


soniqs - quadrant is a classic of the borderline major teams, and here's a banger
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=AssiduousSpeedyHerringJKanStyle-YsTEisYsyuPLywnG&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

vertigo, williams, quadrant also go out at this round, only quadrant will be too disappointed
