---
layout: post
title:  "Fall Major: Swiss"
categories: swiss
---
# Pre-Tournament News

- mena still has only one bid (Falcons), but two great teams, so Rule One set up a scrim tourney where they beat Pioneers & Secret just to show they could
- basically the only scrim results that got leaked were pwr absolutely wrecking the eu and na teams they played
- swiss actually takes three days, then the sunday is for the bracket. instead of R1/R2 i'll note which section each team is playing in to try to keep it organized
- crowd shows up saturday. only the teams who go 0-3 in swiss won't get to see it
- the community is pretty pissed: RLCS only announced the full schedule on Monday and no one knows when any day is going to end, so people who traveled made blind decisions on when to arrive/leave/etc and some people got bit by scheduling sunday departures too early. there also still isn't a decent RLCS website (psyonix promised one 15 months ago), so everything happens on liquipedia/reddit/discord
- Psyonix seems to have had a bunch of turnover lately, and they announced three promotions for RLCS leadership positions lately, so hopefully that helps with winter split communication
- there's been some talk about the prize pools, and some rumors that they might need to _decrease_ prize pools to cement the sport on decent footing. i think i'd be good with that, but it's not a great look and i wonder if they're regretting boosting the pools last year
- johnnyboi and feer both ran a bunch of ones tournaments and showmatches leading up to the major: rw9 from Rule One was the best performer, but daniel took home some cash too, while first, joreuz, & appjack were more inconsistent

# 0-0: Gen.G - PWR

PWR (torsos/amphis/fever) come in as the OCE #2 after going out early in the first regional, but rebounding to win back-to-back coming into the major and then dominating scrims (except for a loss to secret in the Rule One Last Minute $1k), so they look like they could cause some damage in the mid-tier. crushing news though: torsos has abandoned the dominus in favor of the fennec. 

this match is on the b-stream, which still somehow doesn't allow clips. if i wasn't so afraid of spoilers i'd go to reddit to complain, but as it is i'll just drop the [stream link](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/1673506416) and note that swiss is BO5, and basically every minor region match is on the b stream so far

##### 0-0

gen.g look meaningfully better than pwr out of the gate, taking advantage of some confused third man positioning to go up 2-0

pwr pass a lot, and look pretty good doing it, but scoring is difficult

##### 1-0

gen.g are just bullying pwr. pwr have no boost, no time, no space, and gen.g are rattling crossbars left and right before putting in an easy goal

pwr wake up late in the game, but don't press enough to tie it up. torsos might be a bit washed...

##### 2-0

pwr look on even footing for a little bit, then gen.g start toying with them as pwr flail and start giving up shots and a goal

pwr tie it up for the first time through amphis. i said he'd be the OCE carry, and he's carrying pwr but not far enough

torsos is off the line and own-goals. womp. that'll be the series, sweep for gen.g

chronic was probably the best player on gen.g, which i think bodes well since he's the rookie. no one is worried about noly, appjack has a history of lan chokes though, but nice to get a comfortable win

# 0-0: Version1 - Quadrant

middle seeds for major regions, not much drama in these squads, but if anyone can match comm's loudness kash would be favored. eekso will be in the center slot. v1 are pretty heavy favorites coming in, but kash _is_ on the dominus to start the series. kash and eekso are both lan rookies, surprising given their extensive experience

##### 0-0

first goal on the a-stream goes to the only former world champion at the major
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=PeppyTenuousMuleKappaWealth-vE2WvvvsZd5jKynJ&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

if you were wondering at all whether comm would be any different this major: nope! chasing everyone everywhere to gobble boost and spook kash especially out of position

OT feels fair, quadrant should have ended it early but wave couldn't find the power and v1 will go the other way for the win. two 2v1 opps for v1, two goals, one win

##### 1-0

quadrant begin to awaken
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=HorribleBlindingJuiceSaltBae-VAlna0f816YtE7c7&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

KASH
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=EagerHelpfulSalmonHassaanChop-uTopKrUb02t2MJ_w&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

##### 1-1

quadrant on the front foot and comfortable, earning open nets, til a flurry from v1 and an open net miss from eekso put it at 2-1 around halftime, and momentum with v1

beastmode gets rude with it
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=BeautifulGoldenMeerkatFrankerZ-BVMD67w6RM5puEdV&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

a wave whiff, and v1 back on top, we're only in game three but that feels like ggs

##### 2-1

quadrant had gotten to the point where they were yapping a bit, but now it's a lot of head shakes as v1 take the lead again

comm gets to launch a **where are you going** at eekso as an empty net finishes the series. eekso the most disappointing player by a mile, even with a couple wave whiffs

# 0-0: The Club - Pioneers

the most fun minor region matchup. the club won all three regional, including going a whole weekend without losing a game. the club are the trendy upset pick, pioneers have basically only the bds victory on their resume from last winter so far. johnnyboi projected lostt in his top 6 players in the world after the major, so this oughta be a fun one

##### 0-0

bananahead comes out swinging with a reset goal seven seconds in, and i get the `you can't clip that` message again :rip:

sixteen seconds later and its 2-1 to the club

new guy bemmz replaced kv1 on the club, and he gets his first lan goal while aztromic chirps at pioneers a bit. 4-1 at halftime, and it's not been difficult

##### 1-0

lostt clips on em with a 1v1 musty

scrub and banana are jumping at everything that moves, and pioneers aren't hitting the ball consistently enough for that to work

after two games it's club 9, pioneers 3, lostt might have 100% goal participation and johnnyboi looking prescient

##### 2-0

superlachie on the dominus at least 

the club trounce

# 0-0: Oxygen - G2

##### 0-0

desk picks a clean sweep for g2, who come in as the 5 seed and haven't made top 8 at an eu lan since pre-pandemic times

siiick dribble from atomic, check the last touch 
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ThankfulHonestGrouseDogFace-d85PcQHi_Y0peRro&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

how does joreuz weave his way through this 
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=NiceArborealLegRedCoat-cWwcSOvKaGszl7_l&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

##### 1-0

g2 dominates most of the game, oxygen storm back with some trickery and line up down 3-2 for the fake kickoff...and chicago reads it and slots it top corner

##### 1-1

135kph off the bounce
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=PhilanthropicPiliablePuppyTheRinger-8RcyFL0pFuydZ8wr&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

oxygen are trying to play 1s kickoffs and g2 are dismantling them, but in OT atomic fails to clear the first man, chicago assumes otherwise, and oxygen roll in the winner

##### 2-1

g2 opens the scoring off _another_ joreuz whiff, then a second joreuz misplay on the backboard is gifted as well

oxygen work their way back in with a nifty pass play
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=SpotlessGenerousHummingbirdWTRuck-WD9orJ_oJtjrLZ3j&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

oxygen have a habit of just hitting the ball into strange positions - into gaps between teammates, inexplicably lateral, centering in their own defensive third - and somehow coming out unscathed, but a bad attempted double-save by archie gives an open net and we're on to game 5

##### 2-2

archie's turn to whiff, and g2 take the game 5 lead

redemption by way of a 1v2 air dribble bump, how do you get both of them?
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ElegantBraveNarwhalGOWSkull-LoxHhyFo9mI6r5Hs&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

and a doink!
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=EsteemedFineAlbatrossMikeHogu-mOW_H63iIeANFiBG&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

oxygen playing whiffs vs doubles out here, and they're coming out on top so far
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=BigSpineyWaspWutFace-DY1pi_9uDVIAKNJH&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

apparently joreuz asked for 35 tickets, and he's gonna make sure they make saturday
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=FurtiveHotNarwhalHassanChop-_fjYSudobLMw9iQe&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

# 0-0: Karmine Corp - James Cheese

james cheese are wild. virtuoso from ireland, kamii from australia, and realize from japan playing in apac and winning _every possible series_ while scoring four goals/game. also virt is a giant black guy, which i absolutely did not know. cheese are expected to go 0-3 with 2-3 sweeps, but we've seen kamii play well on the big stage before...sorta

##### 0-0

karmine are better for 3 minutes. they can only score one though, and cheese _nearly_ level it with a minute to play, but no dice

##### 1-0

what if you just get open nets and make them? that's kc's plan

##### 2-0

i see why cheese are better than apac, and they're not a walkover, but they're not at this level. perfect sweep completed.

# 0-0: Falcons - Spacestation

lj's the lan rookie of the crew, i think he's only ever played a handful of weekend matches in his regional history before this split. the analysts are mostly considering ahmad to be falcons current carry, not trk like it was most of last year. daniel's gonna have his work cut out for him

##### 0-0

real feel-it-out game. arsenal trying to get under falcons skin, falcons trying to see how dangerous lj really is with the ball

OT. neither team looks scared of what the other has brought to the table so far

you can hear arsenal
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=SpookyKindRingTBCheesePull-hZpFGqUVTW2G4AFV&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

##### 0-1

trk with the low double reset, casual
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=SincereGlamorousJaguarSoBayed-jS7__6SPjOXb-hv8&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

##### 1-1

daniel is so good
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ProtectiveLovelyNoodleDerp-idI_JyM9EztSKSAF&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

arsenal and lj can't keep up with trk and ahmad, but daniel can and that might be enough, ssg take the swing game 2-0

##### 1-2

lj arrives
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ClumsyCourteousBaboonYouDontSay-Vos60MJVGV-C-DSz&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

ssg look like they're gonna grind another win, but an ahmad cut in and a trk fake put two quick ones on the board as we enter the final minute, and hold on to force a rubber

##### 2-2

ahmad with first strike, but lj immediately strikes back. 30 seconds in, 1-1

where did he find the lane?
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=BetterClumsyVanillaKeepo-qsWewwONk0EzdD6T&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

daniel just starts lining up double taps and eventually hits one. falcons starved & discombobulated, and ssg will get their revenge for last summer's failed reverse sweep

...or not? falcons score two in quick succession, and they have 1:22 to score a tying goal. when they press they look good, when they try to play neutral levels of aggression, less so

ssg hold on, daniel so great at being in the back and breaking up attacks when needed. they'll have a tough next match in swiss, falcons oughta get an easy one, both look to be in the middle tier

# 0-0: Liquid - Secret

liquid made it all the way to the 2 seed with their regional win. secret had to battle a tiebreaker to even get here. i thought secret looked pretty decent in the rule one tourney, and all three of nxghtt/kv1/sad have the talent level to pop off, but liquid will still be heavy favorites. secret do have a sick decal in their favor - they basically adapted the pele decal and added their logo, so the car colors really pop

##### 0-0

secret can't man-mark the space and liquid score a gorgeous but easy passing play 15 seconds in. if secret can't keep up this is gonna be a clip series for liquid

nxghtt is really dominating ball progression for secret, sad and kv1 are having a hard time being available and we've had a few nxghtt 1v3 looks that just are so unlikely

secret push, secret overcommit, liquid counter and score

nxghtt only had 90 points. only got to air dribble clear, nothing else really

##### 1-0

oski and atow combine on a sick 2v3, but oski misses the sharp angle net, and secret's defense manages to hold two whole minutes before oski sets up another one that acronik doesn't miss

secret even it, so TL has to get the winner with a _sick_ wall pass play from oski via acronik with 3 seconds left

##### 2-0

liquid trying to end this one early, and they might get the chance to with another opening goal within 45 seconds

well, at least it wasn't a perfect sweep

# 0-0: Moist - Faze Clan

the hammer match of round 1 gets split predictions. moist hasn't _quite_ gelled with aztral in place of vatira, but no doubt they have the potential to pop off at any moment, and aztral has a lot of great lan performances on his record. faze will expect to be the better team, especially early in swiss

joyo lost the pink hair and is using the english national team decal...on the other hand, the faze decal is sinfully bad

##### 0-0

aztral gives away a freebie, and faze are on the board first

faze nail the same 45ยบ wall pass as liquid
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=IcyCorrectPartridgeRickroll-uTq4HvLjmCCu0VwK&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

moist get a great last second look, but faze take game one. aztral joins the sub-100 club

##### 0-1

apparently faze refused to scrim moist, and the rest of eu wouldn't tell moist anything about faze (did faze make them nda or something?), so moist has maybe the least info on faze of anyone at the tourney

faze take the early lead again with a simple backboard pass + bump

moist even it up, barraging mist until they get to shoot on someone else, then slotting the goal past the other two defenders

don't give joyo space (the moist decal is pretty good)
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ReliableImportantEggplantTBCheesePull-vnuIfiCSTbUDci4v&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

moist penned faze in for the remainder of the game. a dominating display of possession and control

##### 1-1

moist score a full field empty net ten seconds in when first doesn't challenge and mist is still rotating into the middle. oops

faze follow that up with a team goomba, and moist have the freest 2-0 lead you can get

make that the freest 3-0 lead, multi-whiff from syp & mist

rise laughs at faze as he scores a fourth easy one, and the swing game feels like a _big_ swing

##### 2-1

rise's turn to give faze a good `what are you doing` across the table, as faze give yet another freebie
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=EncouragingEntertainingFennelDAESuppy-a49QVssJfLhdfc3o&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

cooked 'em
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ElegantDependableMosquitoFailFish--7jxEC77U0WcMbe-&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

aztral gives faze a lifeline, and suddenly it's 2-2 and faze aren't dead yet

moist reopen the two goal lead with two minutes to go, joyo waves goodbye across the table, and then moist score a kickoff freebie to really cement the victory

this is a ridiculous level of control on the aerial interception -> reset
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=HorriblePlainTomatoNotLikeThis-UWp7emJrgNKX9EPO&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

# 0-1: Falcons - James Cheese

don't really know how this would be anything besides a 3-0. apparently kamii couldn't play for two weeks pre-major because of computer & travel issues

##### 0-0

falcons score immediately, but james cheese get it together, keeping it to 1-0 and maybe even having the advantage for stretches of game. the physical play was their best chance, virt still does have the demo meta within him. cheese looked better than against karmine and nearly got the result out of it

##### 1-0

cheese give up another early freebie, and we might just never really see what they can do with a neutral scoreline

it takes until they go down 3-0, but cheese eventually break the duck with a kickoff goal. they will not be perfect swept out of the tournament! and they follow it up with a goal in the run of play, and it ends a one goal game instead of three

##### 2-0

three games in a row of falcons scoring immediately, and they run it up again, with a khalid triple tap cementing the series

# 1-0: Oxygen - Gen.G

joreuz/appjack revenge, but joreuz has home field advantage. tbates still hasn't bet right, and he picked gen.g...

##### 0-0

wut <iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=CovertCoyYamMikeHogu-_vh0Avs6sHWKNR_o&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

that's a wild catch/handff/fake
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=UninterestedZealousPlumTBTacoLeft-_eAG3uH3NSQac_ql&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

well this series is over already (they score on the following counter)
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=PrettyShortWoodpeckerPogChamp-9B_sktiHVdjUysLZ&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

chronic was pretty invisible

##### 1-0

appjack goes for a prejump early, they're not cowed...but appjack is playing terribly otherwise, oxygen go up early and seem on cruise control

archie prejump! <iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=GoldenDoubtfulStrawberrySaltBae-1h5z8Yp_yW32h-qT&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

appjack missed an open net...

chronic again in the sub-200 crew, oaly bossed the game

##### 2-0

chronic starts a couple solo plays, but no finishes fron appjack, and he's a lan choker and oxygen pull ahead again

...i think this was intentional <iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=RacyFreezingAmazonPeoplesChamp-NC9J3chD07MT-2dQ&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

appjack whiffs a clear, it's 4-0, and this is a sweep with a pure appjack choke 

# 0-1: PWR - G2

g2 looked even with oxygen, who smashed gen.g. pwr had some serious issues, and apparently their more recent scrim results were an issue and they're out of confidence. g2 favored for a 3-0

##### 0-0

g2 start with all the pressure, but torsos nails a backchecking pass and pwr actually take the lead

i wish i could clip the goal steal by torsos - he demos the goalie and scores in his recoil, and pwr up 2-0 early? make that 3-0, and bonus points for chicago crossbarring a rookie-training open net followed by jknaps whiffing a back wall clear, and now it's 4-0

##### 1-0

amphis air dribble bumps jknaps for goal 1...

torsos to amphis to fever to amphis and g2 are on the ropes!

if g2 could throw some mechs out there they'd be fine. pwr can't help themselves biting on air dribbles and passes and such, but g2 can't turn that into misdirectional dribbles or resets, so pwr are just recovering in-line and blocking anyway. g2 need to show something beyond guile to win this series

##### 2-0

pwr start a little slower, but the middle two minutes are all pressure on the g2 backline, with g2 being starved, slow, or both for large chunks. late in regulation a wild stretch: fever runs out of boost on a double, g2 just miss a passing play, then amphis completes the air dribble bump pass against atomic, who then flies out and bumps the shooter to keep it level!

amphis passes from the far wall to a prejumping fever in overtime for the winner! g2 to the 0-2 round!

# 1-0: Liquid - Version1

another na/eu matchup. liquid are _fast_, eu mechanics so far have looked unbeatable, but v1 are aggressive and have a great record early in majors. weird seeing them in orange tho

##### 0-0

oski can't nail a musty, and beastmode gets free reign the other direction, and that's a mistake
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=HealthyDarlingAnisePermaSmug-HWK7OovQnSOjo2wl&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

coming off pwr-g1 i feel like i'm watching a different sport. this is lightning quick, end to end, so many resets and wall dashes and aerial plays. look how fast the decision making needs to be
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=FuriousWisePorpoiseCoolStoryBob--QiJ3iLVisx6yerj&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

v1 survive, this looks like a great series

##### 0-1

game two is the same level of quality, but much more demo focused than game one. you'd assume that would favor v1, but liquid are equal to it

we're two minutes into ot and liquid have nailed every touch but the final one, unbelievable saves from v1 have kept them in it but liquid need to be hitting some top corners on their strikes

three full games in one. how are we still going? <iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=CrowdedShinyDragonfruitDuDudu-HONIHXyvZxf-rjJ2&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=CharmingTrappedMacaroniBudBlast-M_zae_NorOqKUoqH&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

lan records: 22 shots from liquid, beastmode with 11 saves in a losing effort. v1 for 18 team saves, second longest OT

##### 1-1

of course now v1 score early, liquid's turn to chase the game, but v1 settle in and make it an easy runaway by halftime

##### 1-2

acronik's reads high off his defensive backboard are inconsistent, v1 have had a few successful drives off missed touches up there

this is sick <iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=SolidSparklyAubergineYouWHY-33CrUCs8PzN8jgzS&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

##### 2-2

not a lot of game 5s today, but this one is well deserved and i'm glad we've made it here. i feel like this series is more important for liquid than v1, i think v1 have a lower risk of spiraling out

liquid have a little better game control, but this time instead of not being able to turn shots into goals they can't turn possession into good shots. they're bunching up so close together

<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=FantasticPiercingGarageBibleThump-F-arfkGxSNnuSNk3&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

that's the series, v1 to the 2-0 bracket, very composed gameplay against a liquid that weren't quite popping off

# 0-1: Quadrant - Secret

this is why i like majors. a weird middle tier matchup for both teams. quadrant probably the favorite, but they're not exactly lanboys so far. wave and eekso looked pretty bad earlier, and wave really struggled in endpoint's lans last season. dunno if secret really have what it takes, they got pretty wrecked by liquid, which transitively puts them below quadrant who played even with v1 for a couple games

##### 0-0

i don't think either of these teams are very good, or at least not very warmed up. wave continues to look panicky, and secret gets the first goal off a standard air dribble

secret hold it with one great save and a very slow pace, they looked kinda like pre-beastmode v1, and that's not a huge compliment

##### 0-1

eekso messes up goal-line positioning, secret wear down the now-broken rotation, and they lead with an open net

the lead is doubled when kv1 dribbles high on the quadrant back wall and flips a hard pass down to sad, quadrant are a blank stare

eekso finally puts one on the board for quadrant with a cheeky corner play, but it's too little too late

##### 0-2

panic stations for quadrant, they've not been able to impose on secret at all. quadrant did get a few posts that could make this closer, but it never feels like they're gonna hit a multi-goal stretch if they keep playing this dull

eekso screws _another_ clear, and nxghtt buries another early goal for secret

wave and eekso both miss touches, and secret go up 3-1. quadrant do get 19 shots in this final game, but secret make all the saves and it's ggs. quadrant to 0-2, secret join pwr in neutralizing their game score against all odds

# 1-0: Moist - The Club

can lostt really show up moist? can moist follow up the faze win?

##### 0-0

a feeler game from both sides, each team looks pretty good even if the goals are a little scrappy. looks an even series from here <iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=UninterestedObliviousMarjoramHassaanChop-xWZYo8_r0riiGxn_&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

##### 1-0

moist are making their living off defense and challenges, which is odd to say given their mechanical history, but they can't keep lostt quiet forever
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=InquisitiveBillowingTurnipStinkyCheese-LpLiMj3pXW6lgQua&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

this series is more of a grind than expected, from both sides, but the club ride that lost goal and some bemmz defense to level the series

##### 1-1

aztral's turn for a solo play
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=PlayfulVibrantTaroHotPokket-CRdp_Jk_FjsrVL4M&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

moist have changed to rotate two very close together to play for challenge losses. the club are trying to counter that by then bumping the second/third men, but can't get anything from it and moist beat them with their own trick to ice the game

##### 2-1

an all out assault finally breaks the moist dam
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=BashfulUnsightlyDillHeyGirl-ZB6Q6h0OCsrIRxLp&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>


lets go to 5, what an overcommit by moist, what a breakout by the club
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=BrightWanderingClintKevinTurtle-DRdkDynrf8gMtCkN&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

##### 2-2

bemmz gives up a tilter, as he doesn't expect a second touch from joyo and an easy one trickles in

rise with a bump and doink
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=WanderingAliveBisonHeyGuys-ibI2p6V3xZghQO1a&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

the club just can't find the offense. lostt v 3 never really materializes, and the club will sink to the 1-1 round. moist with a couple good wins so far

# 0-1: Pioneers - Faze Clan

the test here will be if faze are still on tilt from the moist series. if not? 3-0 faze. if so? could get interesting

##### 0-0

okay it's gonna be a faze sweep, they immediately launch into ~two~ three very good goals, including a mist quintuple tap

pioneers have a great minute and score a pair, but faze don't collapse on the first bit of pressure. all business on their side

##### 0-1

first calls off mist as mist is about to make a save, and first doesn't keep it out. pioneers score first...

faze even it, but superlachie nails a fast double to culminate a spell of pressure. kickoff resets the pressure though, and faze get an easy equalizer. they're really heavy on the defensive side, inviting pioneers and daring them to score

overtime ends with a faze aerial bump. i though pioneers deserved it, but faze eke it out and are on the verge of the sweep

##### 0-2

firstkiller with a huge air dribble from the high midfield wall, and faze are comfortable again. i thought this series was more of a 3-1 than a sweep, but faze took it comfortably either way

# 1-1: Karmine Corp - Spacestation

kc looked fine to good against james cheese, ssg played a high-wire match against falcons and came out on top. kc's first lan test here

##### 0-0

first goal is an empty net in favor of ssg, but kc score two in ten seconds and lead after a minute

a sick fake evens it up
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=RudeSuperCheetahKeyboardCat-zynMgW5qoiupjkHe&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

and daniel evens it up again
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=MagnificentTangibleWalrusMikeHogu-MxxAniVz4H_CC2Nf&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

nooooo
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=AwkwardImpartialPigPJSugar-hbpKC3BpIstkaA3a&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

best player in the world?
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=AttractiveDullPlumMau5-B-q80iVzE614fKwh&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

##### 1-0

vatira, man
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=EmpathicWiseHornetMingLee-vEB3TyoNwNTb-DE4&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

ssg crumble in this one, with lj providing the assist on vati's double and arsenal whiffing a couple times to make it 5-1

##### 2-0

they trade galaxy brain decoys and delayed challenges early to make it 1-1, but kc score the next with a demo, and the next with a bump, but daniel scores twice on gambles in the box to tie it up late

danielllllll
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ConcernedConfidentCiderKappaPride-txrLYP3AN67B_tCN&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

ssg probably did deserve a game. they'll have to play better than that to get another one

##### 2-1

kc's first shot of the game comes with 0 seconds, and i have no idea how it isn't the winner. on to OT!
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ObeseCautiousPizzaPoooound-U8oexWfoxiXw3216&parent=mod-gg.github.io" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

kc ends it just moments into the overtime, and move to the 2-0 round against moist, which is a great revenge series