---
layout: post
title:  "Fall Major: Swiss"
categories: swiss
---

# 1-1: The Club - PWR

pwr got clobbered by gen.g and then clobbered g2. the club clobbered pioneers and then lost a decent series against moist, so they're probably the favorite? lostt was insane in their win but less so in their loss

##### 0-0

we're back on the b stream for four more matches today, so no clips but the link is [here](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/1674358593)

this game felt like 80% of time was focused on corner play, very little midfield, very few shots, just put the ball down the line and try to ram it through. pwr didn't record a shot til overtime, and the club are the ones to force it through in the end, but this game was basically the definition of `very little in this one`

##### 1-0

fever takes a full field air dribble down the pipe, and lostt and bemmz can't quite get good touches to keep it out, so pwr take an early lead in game two. turtle's right though, the mechanics _do_ seem off for both teams

the club take four minutes to put together an attacking structure good enough to hold possession, and a final flurry gets crushed by torsos and we're all square

##### 1-1

hey, we have offense! seems like fever can beat aztromick and bemmz, but lostt can beat fever. 2-1 to pwr only a minute in after two single-goal games

the club are better in the corners, lostt and aztromick manufacture another goal in their attacking left corner. they ramp it up a notch after the goal, drawing several pwr double commits

the longer we go, the more aggressive the bump rotations get. not a ton of demos, just bump after bump, which also means a lot of zoning out and players having to recover late. three minutes into overtime, amphis follows through on the bump line after a backboard pass, scares lostt, zones bemmz, and torsos comes in to slot top right for the series lead

##### 1-2

it seems so obvious that the club need to move fast and stretch pwr out more, but pwr have had such good boost and positional control that the club haven't been able to do what they want. the club didn't record a shot for the final five minutes of game three, and pwr didn't record a save in the whole game. i think the club need to start with just getting some 1v1 wins in their own side, cause they haven't been able to get into advantage situations in the middle of the field and need a new way to unlock that besides `dribble down the line while pwr shadow you because you're not a threat`

man, even torsos is skinning the club, setting up an easy fever opener and then going 1v2 for a second, and the brazilians are really on the ropes now

aztromick finally wins a central challenge, bemmz slots it, and the club have only 50 seconds to score. they get a great chance at 20s, but can't finish it, and fever throws a dagger to send pwr to the verge of day two.

# 2-0: Version1 - Oxygen

winner gets to take a day off and go straight to sunday. loser has to play someone riding high on a win looking to clinch. neither of these teams are the best in their region...except when they are?

##### 0-0

v1 start with all the pressure, including beastmode missing a doomzy dish by a couple pixels, but oxygen open the scoring after halftime when oaly is allowed an inexplicable no boost free shot in the box

oxygen force the rest of the game to be 1v2 attempts by v1, and they can't break through. a medium victory in the feeler game

##### 0-1

beastmode finds two large pockets of space early but can't convert on either, one from a good save and the other from a bad touch. comm bumps torment, and that's the wrong team lad. free for oaly

let's go
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=FunnyDelightfulEmuArgieB8-aI7WiAufzrlZR6_K&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

##### 0-2

i was so sure this was gonna be an air dribble
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ResourcefulOriginalTraySpicyBoy-D-GamYz0M6AzaduH&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

beastmode screws a save, and oxygen are two goals to the good early on match point

beastmode can't reach a post bounce, and own goals the series away. we'll see oxygen on sunday

# 1-1: Secret - Spacestation

secret over g2 is feeling like...secret over bds, where it doesn't actually mean anything for secret it's just about how bad g2 was. ssg a heavy favorite

##### 0-0

arsenal in the mustang with a flip reset dunk assist, and ssg look much better than secret early

secret force overtime by catching arsenal boostknapping while daniel misses a pinch. in ot kv1 and sad work the ball down the line and force an lj backflip, and secret steal game one against the run of play. ssg might need to pass or demo, they might not be able to beat secret's defensive layers by just serial 1v1s

##### 1-0

nvm, daniel can beat two people on his own. ssg with another early lead, and arsenal doubles it with a 1v2 in transition

##### 1-1

secret want the game to be slow, ssg are willing to let it be slow, and this game's a stalemate for a four minutes with only a couple chances either way, then the teams ramp up the physical play and it gets end-to-end in a hurry, and secret catch ssg with an open net goal

ssg immediately responds with an all out bump play, and arsenal slots a backboard pass into the right side

OT again! secret get the ball moving laterally, arsenal doesn't move quick enough on respawn, and secret get to match point first

##### 2-1

sad jumps the pinch kickoff and scores three seconds in...

goals are only coming from bumps, they trade goals and then the bumps settle down, and so do the goals

kv1 hits a FULL FIELD GROUND PINCH WORMBURNER at 91kph when it does in, and ssg have to really battle back now

only daniel really showed up in the final ~4 minutes of that game, and secret pull the upset in four behind a _massive_ series from sad, who was mvp in all three wins. ssg have to win two series in a row to get through, and even the 1-2 round might have some giants lurking in it

# 2-0: Karmine Corp - Moist

another shot at skipping saturday, and we're guaranteed 2 EU teams as the 3-0 top seeds heading into the sunday playoffs

##### 0-0

great carry by itachi, vatira pounces, and it's 2-0 to kc very early
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=HeartlessPhilanthropicWombatDatSheffy-MVPcCmNETCYH6mT6&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

##### 1-0

moist are frozen
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=SpikyTrappedRaisinPeteZaroll-BMt1KbnK2cWLy0oN&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

training pack goal. through 2.5 series vatira is shooting 66%. bonkers
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=TalentedZanySageEleGiggle-04mnxVegogFbiy-w&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

i hope to never get bored of reset double taps
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=AbrasiveElegantGorillaANELE-rEkIu1cWLxgLcz8o&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

##### 2-0

1s across the board for aztral
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=IcyChillyPuddingMVGame-k5dvpAp-lGUggs-_&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

look at rise yap
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=BovineBoldPineappleM4xHeh-GiQ2Y69cb13UIwLE&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

itachi carries kc through
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=TriumphantPeacefulBeeBleedPurple-fWKNVcl9XA3ik0fw&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

# 1-1: Falcons - Gen.G

two teams that really would have thought they could be 2-0, and neither have quite pulled it out. falcons are risking becoming a disappointment, while gen.g are often middling in swiss and thrive later in tournaments

##### 0-0

trk gets the first goal with a very sharp angle from the left corner after an okhalid surprise air dribble. falcons also put away an open net and only give up one real chance (that appjack smokes wide left). fairly comfortable

##### 1-0

khalid racks up four saves in a minute, falcons look to take control by playing 2 up, khalid back, but gen.g win a couple pinchy challenges and appjack hits a pretty clean net

a huge save on zero seconds, and gen.g even it. falcons still look better to me, but gen.g certainly can take this if they play that well defensively, especially on ahmad

##### 1-1

jack wins a ground dribble fake & fifty and scores off opening kickoff. noly on the next kickoff hits a high speed double from beyond midfield. falcons are scratching their heads at how fast they're down two

falcons with some tilters on both ends as they lose 4-2 and it's not even that close. they'll need to change their gameplan and their mental, they're getting flummoxed by the gen.g layering and attack

##### 1-2

falcons score early, but chronic _nails_ an aerial waterfall double tap, that's a goal of the day candidate for sure. it always feels like falcons are in control, but gen.g are making plays out of nothing and falcons are not. that's the difference, and falcons will face elimination

# 0-2: James Cheese - G2

g2 dodges a bullet in getting the apac winners, at least we assume as such. loser goes home and never plays against the crowd

##### 0-0

cheese are still clearly better than apac have been, but they will need to be able to shoot if they want to win some games. not this one

##### 0-1

g2 still better, and now they're breaking down the james cheese back line even more often

we get a quality james cheese goal!
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=TawdryRefinedOkapiKAPOW-jmvE1LOhWvT2KaMI&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

atomic, tho
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=SpinelessTacitLasagnaDatBoi-lcqqBvD-g_YLkEv8&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

cheese were able to create a lot of long-range chances, and kept it to a 4-3 result. pretty good?

##### 0-2

a james cheese lead!
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ImpartialSmellySardineMVGame-zfPRAN3HjgPv8e1Q&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

g2 come from behind, send em to overtime, and win off a well placed kickoff "loss". james cheese won't make it to the weekend, g2 will

# 0-2: Quadrant - Pioneers

quadrant also get lucky dodging ~james cheese~ g2, but this is a closer matchup than the other 0-2 match. relatingwave is the only european player to make every major since we moved to this format. can he finally make a deep run?

##### 0-0

uh oh for pioneers
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=ElatedCogentLardPartyTime-K1OVUun6sEO0FpPX&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

that became 4-0 very quickly, mostly on kickoff wins for quadrant. go next, young aussies

##### 1-0

pioneers are horrendous. nothing more to say

##### 2-0

that'll do
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=SmellyGoodSushiBibleThump-8yAdlLTHcMPJOxuD&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

pioneers swept out of the tournament, and it wasn't close

# 1-1: Liquid - Faze Clan

the two seeds face off in a precarious spot, this is a swing series for each. firstkiller is _not_ leading faze in every category for once

##### 0-0

acronik nails the air dribble bump pass, and atow puts it away easily through the smoke. 1-0 liquid early

liquid put up 11 shots in 3 minutes, but faze equalizes with a nifty close passing play before liquid can stretch their lead

woooow atow collects a very difficult ball into a dribble and destroys mist on the challenge and scores directly, that's a rarity

acronik goes back to the air dribble well, but this time goes reset over bump and crams it into the corner over mist. liquid look up to it, faze have to recollect

##### 1-0

faze's turn for an early goal as faze split the defense with a classic infield. they start cutting out liquid attacks much higher up the pitch, and liquid's 18 shots last game are like seven instead. faze do start team bumping and double committing down the stretch, but they always hit the ball where they need to and see the game out

##### 1-1

mist and first t-bone each other for a few seconds, which is cute, except it lets liquid sustain an attack that ends with a simple dribble into an open net after a faze double commit. mist and first _keep_ mimicking rotations and double committing, including on the final shooting attempt that acronik is only able to save because there wasn't any next up in rotation

##### 2-1

atow demos mist while acronik takes _another_ air dribble reset into the upper 90, and faze look solemn. 
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=SquareExcitedChoughHotPokket-aKxkqxlwzt3lLaCN&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

mist misses a free double with plenty of time, and we're not seeing face cams after that one

faze take the lead with ~two~ ~three~ ~four~ five goals from first, he's hyperactive now. idk about mist, and syp's been quiet but steady, but maybe first can just take faze on his shoulders

what does liquid do now? they got _demolished_ by firstkiller, and mist and syp fell in behind. it feels like faze flipped their rotation completely and it worked swimmingly, can they keep it up?

##### 2-2

for four and a half minutes firstkiller is perpetually beating two and dishing off for a missed chance from syp or mist. at the very end mist _finally_ connects
<iframe src="https://clips.twitch.tv/embed?clip=TenaciousOnerousDiscUWot-PGzCuNdTZSRF04lg&parent=www.example.com" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="378" width="620"></iframe>

liquid will feel hard done by after it looked like faze had given up, tough breaks for them
